usage.md, before:

---
layout: default
---
# [](#install)Installation
Please follow the below instructions according to the browser on which you wish to install our extension.

## [](#gchrome)Google Chrome
 1. Open your browser, and click [here](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/deprinfo/giofcecoogamkiogimailkdephhkabfd)
 2. Click on "Add to Chrome"



## [](#firefox)Firefox
 1. Open your browser, and click [here](https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/addon/deprinfo/)
 2. Click on "Add to Firefox"

# [](#usage)Usage
 1. login to facebook from the browser.
 2. Click on the extension icon on the right: <img src="/assets/images/16.png" 
            class='hidden-xs hidden-sm'/>. For the first time, the extension will take some time to fetch all the apps and the permissions they require. Please wait for 30-45 seconds.
   
     <img src="/assets/images/waiting.png" 
            class='hidden-xs hidden-sm' style='vertical-align: center; ' />
            
   Once the loading is done, you can see the below screen on the right:
   <img src="/assets/images/screenshot.png" 
            class='hidden-xs hidden-sm' style='vertical-align: center; ' />
            
   This shows all the web services and apps that use your facebook to login. It also shows the information, and each web service can access. 
   
   You can _deny_ private information to each app by clicking on the stop icon near the app, or you can _deny_ private information to all the apps by clicking the "Block Access to Private Information" at the bottom.

Commit message:

added study instructions
Added new instructions to install and use the different plugins to use and report the login statistics for different websites within the study.

usage.md, after:

---
layout: default
---
# [](#install)Installation
Please follow the below instructions according to the browser on which you wish to install our extension.

## [](#gchrome)Google Chrome
 1. Open your browser, and click [here](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/deprinfo/giofcecoogamkiogimailkdephhkabfd)
 2. Click on "Add to Chrome"



## [](#firefox)Firefox
 1. Open your browser, and click [here](https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/addon/deprinfo/)
 2. Click on "Add to Firefox"

If you are taking part in the privacy study then follow the additional instructions [here](./studyinstructions.md).

# [](#usage)Usage
 1. login to facebook from the browser.
 2. Click on the extension icon on the right: <img src="/assets/images/16.png" 
            class='hidden-xs hidden-sm'/>. For the first time, the extension will take some time to fetch all the apps and the permissions they require. Please wait for 30-45 seconds.
   
     <img src="/assets/images/waiting.png" 
            class='hidden-xs hidden-sm' style='vertical-align: center; ' />
            
   Once the loading is done, you can see the below screen on the right:
   <img src="/assets/images/screenshot.png" 
            class='hidden-xs hidden-sm' style='vertical-align: center; ' />
            
   This shows all the web services and apps that use your facebook to login. It also shows the information, and each web service can access. 
   
   You can _deny_ private information to each app by clicking on the stop icon near the app, or you can _deny_ private information to all the apps by clicking the "Block Access to Private Information" at the bottom.
